Revert "scripts: quarantine: nRF52832 is added for mesh light ctrl sample (#20600)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/mesh/light_ctrl/README.rst

|config|

.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: nRF52 DK (nRF52832)

>       Due to limited RAM on nRF52832, the friend feature is not enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Due to limited RAM on the nRF52832 device, the friend feature is disabled by default.
```
